# Cyber-102-Readings
Cyber-102-Readings
How is a hardware hack different than a software hack? Hardware would be considered malicious chips imbedded during the manufacturing process, software would be malicious coding 
What are the two ways for spies to alter a computer’s hardware? During the manufacturing process or as part of the supply chain during logistics
Explain how the hack worked. Supermicro Computer out-sourced manufacturing their motherboards overseas to contractors in China. The majority of its workforce in the United States was Taiwanese or Chinese. They developed a deep understanding of the deisgn to manipulate the components. By doing this they were able to to set up a seeding attack and funnel the compromised chips through the global supply chain. The chips were then able to open back doors that other hackers were able to use to get access. The chips in the hardware manipulated the operating instructions on the servers they were installed on by inserting small amounts of its own code. This allowed other devices to communicate with the server loaded with more complex code and gain unauthorized access.
How were investigators able to trace the chips back to the source? Apple detected unusual network activity and issues with firmware. Then Amazon made a discovery of manupulated hardware and the FBI already running a investigation got to see how the chips looked and worked. Amazon had a report by a third party contractor with digital photos and X-rays. The chips varied in size suggesting the different factories had received different batches. Unlike software attacks since hardware is tracked throught serial numbers and logistics they could trace the components back to the source using the supply chain.
